Section on use of ports (#44)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-manageability.md

its position in the header is also variable depending on the length of the
source and destionation connection ID. See Section 4.6 of {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.

## Use of Port Numbers

Applications that have a mapping for TCP as well as QUIC are expected to

> use the same port number for both services. However, similar as today

Author: RFC3556 say "IANA strives to assign only one assigned port number per service or application" which implies that you use the same port for the same service even if a different transport is used. What is wrong about this sentence is that I talk about two/both services because it's the same service effectively

> TCP-based services, especially when application layer information are

Reviewer: "information **is** encrypted"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TCP-based services, especially when application layer information is
```

> encrypted, there are no guarantee that a specific application uses the

Reviewer: "there **is** no guarantee" or "there are no guarantee**s**"; "specific application will use the"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
encrypted, there is no guarantee that a specific application will use the
```

registered port, or the used port is carrying traffic belonging to the

> respective registered service. Respectively {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}} specifies

Reviewer: I'm not sure "Respectively" is the word you want here.  "For example," perhaps?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
respective registered service. For example, {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}} specifies
```

the use of Alt-Svc for discovery of QUIC/HTTP services on other ports.

Further, as QUIC as a connection ID, it is also possible to maintain multiple

> QUIC connection over one 5-tuple. However, if the connection ID is not present

Reviewer: connection**s**
